fix: update use.md pitfall to make conditional calling clearer (#8499)
reactjs/reactjs.org: src/content/reference/react/use.md

<Pitfall>

> Don't skip calling `use` based on whether a Promise is already settled. Unlike other hooks, `use` can be called inside conditions and loops — but it must always be called for the Promise itself. Never read `promise.status` or `promise.value` directly to bypass `use`; always pass the Promise to `use` and let React handle it. Bypassing `use` this way can corrupt React's internal state tracking, causing stale renders, missed updates, or incorrect Suspense behavior. This also ensures React DevTools can show that the component may suspend on data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't skip calling `use` based on whether a Promise is already settled. 

Unlike other hooks, `use` can be called inside conditions and loops — but it must always be called for the Promise itself. Never read `promise.status` or `promise.value` directly to bypass `use`; always pass the Promise to `use` and let React handle it. 

Bypassing `use` this way can corrupt React's internal state tracking, and breaks React DevTools suspense data tracking:
```

<Pitfall>

Don't skip calling `use` based on whether a Promise is already settled. 

Unlike other hooks, `use` can be called inside conditions and loops — but it must always be called for the Promise itself. Never read `promise.status` or `promise.value` directly to bypass `use`; always pass the Promise to `use` and let React handle it. 

> Bypassing `use` this way can corrupt React's internal state tracking, and breaks React DevTools suspense data tracking:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```js
// 🔴 Don't bypass `use` by reading promise status directly
if (promise.status === 'fulfilled') {
  return promise.value;
}
const value = use(promise);
```

```js

> // ✅ Always pass the promise to `use` and let React track promise readiness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ✅ Pass the promise to `use` and let React track the promise
```

<Pitfall>

Don't skip calling `use` based on whether a Promise is already settled. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
